Enhance Buildkite documentation with log correlation details (#36113)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/buildkite.md

   * **Branch filtering**: Leave empty to trace all branches or select the subset of branches you want to trace.
3. Click **Add Datadog Pipeline Visibility Notification** to save the integration.

### Collect job logs

The Datadog Buildkite integration collects logs from your finished Buildkite jobs and forwards them to Datadog. To install and configure this integration, see the [Buildkite integration documentation][11].

> Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility. Log retention, exclusion, and indexes are configured in [Log Management][16]. Logs for Buildkite jobs can be identified by the `datadog.product:cipipeline` and `source:buildkite` tags.

Author: ```suggestion
Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility. Log retention, exclusion, and indexes are configured in [Log Management][19]. Logs for Buildkite jobs can be identified by the `datadog.product:cipipeline` and `source:buildkite` tags.
```

> Logs are billed separately from CI Visibility. Log retention, exclusion, and indexes are configured in [Log Management][21]. Logs for Buildkite jobs can be identified by the `datadog.product:cipipeline` and `source:buildkite` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog bills logs separately from CI Visibility. Configure log retention, exclusion filters, and indexes in [Log Management][21]. To scope these rules to Buildkite logs, filter on the `datadog.product:cipipeline` and `source:buildkite` tags.
```
Does this keep the meaning?
